Updates (#35)
jfversluis/learn-dotnet-maui: Social Media/README.md

* [Shaun Lawrence](https://twitter.com/Bijington): Microsoft MVP doing amazing things with .NET MAUI in terms of games, animations and UIs
* [Vicente Guzman](https://twitter.com/luciomsp)

## Discord (MAUI Verse)

> There is an official(-ish) Discord for all things .NET. Note, this Discord is targeted more towards collaborating on .NET MAUI. Join the Discord server [here](https://lnkd.in/eEhSJVTb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an official(-ish) Discord for all things .NET. Note, this Discord is targeted more towards collaborating on .NET MAUI. Join the Discord server [here](https://mauiverse.net/discord).
```
